doc: upgrade benchmark for 1.0 (#3062)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/performance/benchmark.md

| 500	                     | 1000	               | 0,24                            |
| 1000	                    | 2000	               | 0,27                            |
| 1500	                    | 3000	               | 0,28                            |
| 2000	                    | 4000	               | 0,30                            |
| 2500	                    | 5000	               | 0,35                            |
| 3000	                    | 6000	               | 0,39                            |
| 3500	                    | 7000	               | 0,90                            |
| 4000	                    | 8000	               | 0,64                            |
| 4500	                    | 9000	               | 4                               |

**Key takeaways**
- At 250 executions/min (500 tasks/min), execution latency is approximately 200ms — similar to single execution time.
- Kestra OSS (JDBC backend) sustains up to 1500 executions/min (3000 tasks/min) with an execution duration of less than 1s, which is what we could realistically target for such a workflow.
- Kestra EE (Kafka backend) sustains up to 4000 executions/min (8000 tasks/min).

> - Kestra EE has a slightly higher latency as low throughput, but supports way higher throughput than Kestra OSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kestra EE has a slightly higher latency due to low throughput, but supports way higher throughput than Kestra OSS.
```
